---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/actual-play/000-nox/","pinned":true}
---

# Nox
_ae'Noxan Vaelric and Ith'Noxil Myrris_

**Nox** is a **cursed** **half-blood** **Hex-blade** who **Helps the Innocent**.

***
* Revealed the Existence of Magic
* Whispers in the Dark
* Makes Binding Oaths
* (tag)
* (tag)
* (tag)
* Perfectionist

**Weapon:**
* [[Actual Play/000-Items#Pact Weapon\|Pact Weapon]]
**Armor:** [[Actual Play/000-Items#Wraith-silk Armor\|Wraith-silk Armor]] (light)

**Wealth:** 3
**Faction:** [[Actual Play/000-Lore#The Gilded Chain\|The Gilded Chain]]

| Wound | Severity |
| ----- | -------- |
|       |          |
|       |          |
|       |          |
|       |          |
|       |          |

Equipment: _Max Capacity → 10_
* Weapon
* [[Actual Play/000-Items#Wraith-silk Armor\|Wraith-silk Armor]]: light armor
* [[Actual Play/000-Items#Smart Phone\|Smartphone]]: eases research
* [[Actual Play/000-Items#Ring of Mortal Veil\|Ring of Mortal Veil]]
* [[Actual Play/000-Items#Monster Hunter Kit\|Monster Hunter Kit]]
* (empty)
* (empty)
* (empty)
* (empty)
* (empty)

**Relationships/Factions:**
* [[Actual Play/000-Lore#The Gilded Chain\|The Gilded Chain]]: Reliable (+0) → Born into and raised in their image
* [[Actual Play/000-NPCs#Lucian Vaelric\|Lucian Vaelric]]: Enduring Trust (+1) → Nox's father
* [[Actual Play/000-NPCs#Khyreel\|Khyreel]]: Enduring Trust (+1) → Imaginary Friend

**Half-blood**

Nox is half _Aelith_ and _Noctari_ **ostracized by both communities**. 

He is **elegant** and **mysterious**. He can connect with **magic**, **shadows** and **chaos** and is **woven into the fabric** of the Wyld. Nox also is **vulnerable to silver and iron** and speaks **whispering, ethereal voice**.

**Languages:** English, Aelith

**Abilities:**
* **Walks Between Shadows**
* **Threads of Chaos**

## Details

**Nox's Home:** [[Actual Play/000-Setting#10.9\|10.9]]  
**Nox's Work:** Café Noir @ [[Actual Play/_000-Nox#1.1\|#1.1]]  

* Nox is half Faerie, half Noctari.
    * His Faerie name is ae'Noxan Vaelric.
    * His Noctari name is Ith'Noxil Myrris 
* His mother is [[Actual Play/000-NPCs#Nyssara Myrris\|The Shadow Witch]]
    * Nox's mother left Nox on the faerie mound to be raised by his father.
* Nox was raised by [[Actual Play/000-NPCs#Lucian Vaelric\|his father]].
    * At 3, Lucian wanted to bind Nox's Noctari side, when he was preforming the rite Nox asked "What will you give me if I do this?" mimicking what his father would ask others. As he was dealing with a 3 year old Lucian vowed, "I'll owe you." Thus forming a binding oath. Nox does not know his father 'owes him one'.
        * Owner: Nox
        * Beneficiary: [[Actual Play/000-NPCs#Lucian Vaelric\|Lucian Vaelric]]
        * Gift: Binding Nox's Noctari side making him a Hex-blade
        * Debt: An unspecified favor
* Nox escaped his home at age 9 and visited a hag who teleported him to July 4th, 1984 to begin the Revelation.
* Nox works from home and meets clients at a coffee shop, Café Noir
    * Back Booth Bureau "Where Every case starts with a cup of coffee".

## Character Arc
?

- [ ] ?


## Description

**Physical:** 6'0", 113lbs, Porcelain skin with faint golden veins that glow softly in complete darkness, Soft silvery white hair mixed with dark purple streaks, Eyes the color of a fading sunset, a light through the mist aura about him, moves gracefully seeming to shimmer or fade as he steps through varying light

**Attire:**  Nox typically tries to blend in with jeans and a non-descript t-shirt. The wraith-silk armor he wears shimmers like a fine sheen above his clothes, and the moon-veil cloak hangs almost invisibly from on his back. He wears a pair of custom made Converse Chucks.

## Questions

* Does Nox know who his mother is? Has he looked for her?

## Made Up Language

Nox used the native Aelith and Noctari language he learned from the shadows to make up his own 'magic/ritual phrases' 

**Core Elements of the Language:**
- **Noctari sounds:** Soft, breathy consonants (h, v, th, sh), elongated vowels, and glottal stops (‘).
- **Faerie sounds:** Flowing, musical tones with a mix of **hard consonants (k, l, r, d, t)** and **vowel-heavy syllables**.
- **Sentence structure:** **Verb-Subject-Object**  Forge Shadow Weapon -- Forge Shadow into a Sword

_Ring Activation:_ Veylan morshek (Let the veil remain)
_Ring Deactivation:_ Veylan saelen (Let the veil rest)

_Hex-blade Activation:_ Kyrth dor'ashka (Forge shadow blade)
_Hex-blade Deactivation:_ Shen dor'ashka (End shadow blade)

| English | Ithae   |
| ------- | ------- |
| Blade   | Dor     |
| End     | Shen    |
| Flicker | Khyreel |
| Forge   | Kyrth   |
| Magic   | Ithae   |
| Remain  | Morshek |
| Rest    | Saelen  |
| Shadow  | Ashaka  |
| Veil    | Vylan   |

