---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/journal/000-nox/","pinned":true}
---

# Nox
_ae'Noxan Vaelric_

**Nox** is an \[obsessive] \[half-blood] \[Hex-blade] who \[Makes Pacts with Supernatural Creatures].

***
* Pacts sealed with a word
* Gifted with Shadow walking
* "I can save everyone."
* Everything has to be perfect
* (tag)
* Vulnerable to Cold iron and salt (half-blood faerie)

**Weapon:**
* [[Journal/000-Items#Pact Weapon\|Pact Weapon]] (medium)
* [[Journal/000-Items#Spell-blade of the Fallen\|Spell-blade of the Fallen]] (medium)
**Armor:** [[Journal/000-Items#Wraith-silk Armor\|Wraith-silk Armor]] (light)

**Wealth:** 3
**Faction:** [[Journal/000-Lore#The Gilded Chain\|The Gilded Chain]]

**Harm:** ♥♥♥♥♥
**Wounds:**
* (empty) → ☼☼☼
* (empty) → ☼☼☼
* (empty) → ☼☼☼
* (empty) → ☼☼☼
* (empty) → ☼☼☼

Equipment: _Max Capacity → 10_
* [[Journal/000-Items#Spell-blade of the Fallen\|Spell-blade of the Fallen]]: light weapon, magical
* [[Journal/000-Items#Wraith-silk Armor\|Wraith-silk Armor]]: light armor
* [[Journal/000-Items#Smart Phone\|Smartphone]]: eases research
* [[Journal/000-Items#Gleaming Feather Quill\|Gleaming Feather Quill]]
* (empty)
* (empty)
* (empty)
* (empty)
* (empty)
* (empty)

**Relationships:**
* [[Journal/000-NPCs#Lucian Vaelric\|Lucian Vaelric]]: Approachable (5.2) → Nox's father
* [[Journal/000-NPCs#Thrynn\|Thrynn]]: Reasonable (4.4) → Beneficiary of Nox's first Pact
* [[Journal/000-NPCs#Rowan\|Rowan]]: Level-headed (4.2) → Beneficiary of a Pact with Nox and the essence of the [[Journal/000-Items#Spell-blade of the Fallen\|Spell-blade of the Fallen]]

## Details

**Nox's Home:** [[Journal/000-Setting#10.9\|10.9]]  
**Nox's Work:** 10.9  

* Nox is half faerie.
    * His faerie name is ae'Noxan Vaelric.
    * Nox was born with an intricate and elaborately detailed birthmark of a pair of wings on his back. Most people think it's a tattoo.
* His mother is human.
    * Nox's mother left Nox on the faerie mound where he was conceived and she thought he was dead.
* Nox was raised by [[Journal/000-NPCs#Lucian Vaelric\|his father]].
    * At a young age Nox made a pact with his father in order to wield magic to protect himself amongst the faerie children becoming a hex-blade.
* Nox holds two pacts of his own:
    * Thrynn: Nox gave him protection and safe passage in his shadow. In return Thrynn gave Nox the gift of Shadow Walking. _Deal is concluded **(bartered pact)** but they visit still in the mortal realm._
    * Rowan: Nox gave her a new vessel to survive her burnt tree. It wasn't perfect but Rowan lives on in the Runed-Glass Short Sword. _Rowan and Nox are eternally bound. Should she be forgotten the sword will rebel against him, turning the curse on him._

## Character Arc
Nox seeks out the means and methods of making the perfect pact.

- [ ] Search for ways to refine and embolden his pacts
- [ ] Design small yet impactful pacts
- [ ] Seek out mentorship 
- [ ] Design the perfect pact


## Description

**Physical:** 6'0", approximately 125lbs, Chestnut brown hair short on the sides, coifed on top with the tips dyed a rainbow of colors, one blue-green eye and one red-orange eye, both sparkling with a stary night sky, an intricate and elaborately detailed birthmark of a pair of wings on his back, well manicured body hair from head to toe

**Attire:**  Nox typically tries to blend in with jeans and a non-descript t-shirt. The wraith-silk armor he wears shimmers like a fine sheen above his clothes, and the moon-veil cloak hangs almost invisibly from on his back. He wears a pair of custom made Converse Chucks.

## Questions

* Does Nox know who his mother is? Has he looked for her?