---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/actual-play/tale-001/t001-d001-nox/"}
---

# Details
Nox
  
_Players in constant danger, anything could happen_  
**Scene Status:** Insane 5 (15)

**Q:** Is Nox at home?  
**No, but** _(1d20: [5] = 5)_  
Silence, Vessel, Courage
  
Nox is out in the Wyld communing in silence

**Q:** Does someone interrupt him?  
**No, but** _(1d20: [8] = 8)_  
Ruler, Request, Twilight
  
Someone is waiting and sends words that his father wants him.

**Q:** Does Nox go immediately  
**No, and** _(1d20: [1] = 1)_  
Performance, Arid, Birth
  
The Wyld calls Nox to a ceremony of the birth of a new creature.

**Q:** Is the new creature meant for Nox?  
**Yes, but** _(1d20: [10] = 10)_  
Son, Area, Request
  
Lucian finds Nox with the new creature

**Q:** Do they stay in the clearing?  
**Yes** _(1d20: [16] = 16)_

***
**Q:** Are the winds wishing Nox a happy birthday?  
**No, and** _(1d20: [1] = 1)_  
Shape, Arid, Tedious

**Q:** Is it an animal?  
**No, but** _(1d20: [3] = 3)_  
Sea, City, Apocalypse

  
The creature is blend of the iron veil and the wyld.  

**Roll:** Naming the creature  
  
5d20: [4, 5, 5, 11, 3] = 28

***
**Q:** Does Lucian have something for Nox to do in the Iron Veil?  
**No, but** _(1d20: [7] = 7)_  
Sarcophagus, Nimble, Luminescent

**Q:** Does Lucian have anything other than the armor to give Nox?  
**Yes** _(1d20: [17] = 17)_

**Q:** Gifts Nox the armor and the ring. Does he send him to the hag?  
**Yes** _(1d20: [15] = 15)_

**Q:** Will it keep his mother from finding him?  
**No, but** _(1d20: [9] = 9)_  
Metal, Angular, Gap

***
**Q:** Does Vaelistra have a task for Nox?  
**Yes, but** _(1d20: [11] = 11)_  
Rescue, Fluttering, Tradition

**Roll:** Name of the creature Vaelistra's familiar from Our Mother of Blossoming Chaos.  
5d20: [10, 10, 2, 14, 7] = 43

**Q:** Is the Tarsha'ombor what Nox is looking for for Our Mother of Blossoming Chaos?  
**Yes, but** _(1d20: [11] = 11)_  
Luck, Metal, Communion

  
Tarsha'ombo is contaminated with iron in some way.

**Q:** Does the Tarsha'ombo have a name?  
**No, but** _(1d20: [4] = 4)_  
Toilet, Food, Protection

**Q:** Does anything else happen before Nox leaves for the Iron Veil?  
**Yes** _(1d20: [17] = 17)_

**Q:** Does he have another visitor?  
**No, but** _(1d20: [3] = 3)_  
Blustering, Entertain, Ruler

**Q:** Is someone there to see his father?  
**No, but** _(1d20: [7] = 7)_  
Information, Language, Tale

**Q:** Is Nox drawn to the 'deal' that his father made with Alex?  
**Yes, and** _(1d20: [20] = 20)_  
Surprise, Rocky, Rainbow